frontend.md, before:

# Front-End Stack

Find a dataset that is a timeseries. We're going to visualize it in a webpage.

## HTML

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics
)

## Try It

1. Build a simple webiste with a header and a paragraph tag that describe your dataset.

commit this to github

## CSS

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics)


## Try It

Give the page a nice background color. These are all valid color names [http://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp
](http://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp
) or you can use a specific RGB value. Many of these values are well known to designers.

<!--
```
body {
    background-color: PaleTurquoise;
}
```
-->

commit the change to github

## JavaSript

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics)

## Try It

Create a button that displays an alert. An example can be found here.

https://jsfiddle.net/Lwje81ae/2/

commit this change to github


## D3 JS

[https://d3js.org/](https://d3js.org/)

[https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki/Gallery](https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki/Gallery)

[http://ruoyusun.com/2014/05/26/what-d3js-is-not.html](http://ruoyusun.com/2014/05/26/what-d3js-is-not.html
)

Grammar of Graphics

## Try It

Add this D3 Visualization to your webpage to visualize a timeseries.

https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3902569

Commit the change to github.

## Organizing your Code

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/Dealing_with_files](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/Dealing_with_files)

Commit message:

add bonus and super duper bonus to frontend.md

frontend.md, after:

# Front-End Stack

Find a dataset that is a timeseries. We're going to visualize it in a webpage.

## HTML

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics
)

## Try It

1. Build a simple webiste with a header and a paragraph tag that describe your dataset.

commit this to github

## CSS

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/CSS_basics)


## Try It

Give the page a nice background color. These are all valid color names [http://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp
](http://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp
) or you can use a specific RGB value. Many of these values are well known to designers.

<!--
```
body {
    background-color: PaleTurquoise;
}
```
-->

commit the change to github

## JavaSript

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics)

## Try It

Create a button that displays an alert. An example can be found here.

https://jsfiddle.net/Lwje81ae/2/

commit this change to github


## D3 JS

[https://d3js.org/](https://d3js.org/)

[https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki/Gallery](https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki/Gallery)

[http://ruoyusun.com/2014/05/26/what-d3js-is-not.html](http://ruoyusun.com/2014/05/26/what-d3js-is-not.html
)

Grammar of Graphics

## Try It

Add this D3 Visualization to your webpage to visualize a timeseries.

https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3902569

Commit the change to github.

### Bonus
Add two buttons to your page, one to show the chart and one to hide it

### Super duper bonus
Make those into one button that toggles show/hide of the chart

## Organizing your Code

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/Dealing_with_files](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/Dealing_with_files)
